Wordsmith intro text (#239)
Benjamin-Lee/deep-rules: content/02.intro.md

## Introduction {#intro}

Deep learning (DL) is a subfield of machine learning (ML) focusing on artificial neural networks with many layers.
These methods are increasingly being used for the analysis of biological data [@doi:10.1098/rsif.2017.0387].
In many cases, novel biological insights have been revealed through careful evaluation of DL methods ranging from predicting protein-drug binding kinetics [@doi:10.1038/s41467-017-02388-1] to identifying the lab-of-origin of synthetic DNA [@doi:10.1038/s41467-018-05378-z].
However, for researchers and students entirely new to this area and those experienced in using classical ML methods (_e.g._ linear regression), using DL correctly can be a daunting task.
Furthermore, the lack of concise recommendations for biological applications of DL poses an additional challenge for newcomers wishing to apply state-of-the-art DL in their research.
Since DL is an active and specialized research area, detailed resources are rapidly rendered obsolete, and only a few resources articulate general DL best practices to the scientific community broadly and the biological community specifically.

> To address this issue, we solicited input from a community of researchers with varied biological and deep learning interests to write this manuscript collaboratively using the GitHub version control platform [@url:https://github.com/Benjamin-Lee/deep-rules] and Manubot [@url:https://greenelab.github.io/meta-review/].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To address this issue, we solicited input from a community of researchers with varied biological and deep learning interests to write this manuscript collaboratively using the GitHub version control platform [@url:https://github.com/Benjamin-Lee/deep-rules] and Manubot [@doi:10.1371/journal.pcbi.1007128].
```
